Hello, Cloud Gurus
and welcome to this lecture
where we're going to get our hands dirty
using Cognito user pools.
So, first of all
we're going to create a Cognito user pool.
We'll then configure the signup and sign in functionality
that is built into Cognito.
We're gonna sign up a user
and test that the signup page works
and if it's successful then Cognito
should return a JWT Token
that we can view in our browser.
So if you'd like to join me in the console,
we'll get started.
So here I am in the AWS console
and you'll find Cognito under security,
identity and compliance.
So just click on Cognito,
click on Manage User Pools
and Create a User Pool.
So the first thing we need to do is give it a name
and I'm just gonna call it testpool
click on review defaults,
and we can just keep to all of the defaults
that you see here.
And there's various things that you can change
and you can configure for yourself
things like the password length, the policy
you can enable multifactor authentication
but we're gonna stick with all the defaults
and I'm gonna go ahead and click Create Pool.
So that has been created successfully
and I'm just gonna scroll down
to app clients and click on Add App Clients.
And the app client is what we used to call
the various APIs on our behalf.
For example, the API to register a new user
or to sign in a user.
So click on Add App Client
and we're gonna give it a name.
I'm gonna call it mytestclients
and we're going to accept all the defaults
and I just want you to scroll down
and make sure that generate client secret is selected
and then hit Create App Client.
And now we need to configure the app client.
So just click on App Client Settings
and we need to enable an identity provider
for our application client.
So just select Cognito User Pool
and then next thing we need to do is
we need to configure callback URLs
and a callback URL is really,
it's just gonna be the URL
that your users are gonna be redirected to
after they have successfully signed in or signed up
just for this demo
we're gonna use https://example.com.
So it's just gonna be a dummy website,
but in reality
if you have your own web application
you could use whichever website
you want your users to land on
once they have signed into the application.
We don't need to configure a sign out URL
so I'm just gonna leave that blank for now.
And then under the OAuth 2.0 section
I'm going to select the first two options.
So Authorization Code Grant.
So that is gonna configure Cognito
to give you back an authorization code,
which you can provide back
to your backend authorization process
and the implicit grant
that just gives you the JWT Token.
So that means when we go to test the configuration
we'll be able to view that JWT Token
and under allowed OAuth scopes
I'm just gonna select everything.
So the phone and email that is just for user verification.
So when you first sign up
they'll send you an email
just to get you to verify your email is correct.
And then I'm gonna select these three as well
and if you're not familiar with OAuth
it is simply an open standard authentication framework
and by selecting all of these OAuth scopes
this is just gonna grant access to the Cognito API.
So all of the API operations like the sign in and sign up
and also it's gonna give us access to the JWT Token
that Cognito will return.
But you can learn more about the OAuth flows and scopes
if you click on this link here,
just open it up in a new tab
and it just takes you straight to the Cognito documentation.
So you can read all about that at your leisure
but it is out of scope for the exam
you do not need to learn it for the exam.
So I'm just gonna go ahead
and click save changes
then head over to domain name,
and we need to
create a domain prefix for Amazon Cognito domain
and you can just make one up.
I'm just gonna call it acgtest
click on check availability
and if it's available
then we can go ahead and Save Changes.
And this just applies this domain at prefix
to the Cognito domain that it's creating for you.
And then the last thing I'm gonna do is
UI customization.
So you can customize Cognito
or the look and feel of the sign in and sign up page
as you want.
So you can add a logo,
you can customize the labels, the input fields
text descriptions, banners, et cetera, et cetera.
So I'm just going to add a logo to our up page.
I'm just gonna add the Cloud Guru logo
and I've included an ACG logo file
in the resources section of the course.
So if you download that file to your local machine
you will be able to upload it here.
So then scroll down and hit Save Changes.
So now we have configured everything we need for Cognito.
So Cognito is gonna create a built in sign up
and sign in page based on our configuration.
So let's test it and see if it's working.
So the first thing I'm going to do is go to app integration
grab my Cognito domain name,
copy that
come to a new tab
and just paste that.
But we need to add a few additional parameters as well
in order to test this properly.
So I'm just gonna type in /login?response_type=token
because we want it to respond with a token then
&amp;client_id= now going to come back to Cognito
and go to my app client settings
grab my client ID.
And don't worry,
there's quite a lot to type into the browser here,
but that will all be provided
in the resources section of the course.
So that the next thing we need to do is &amp;redirect_uri=
and I'm just gonna copy
and paste it from my client's settings
just to make sure I spell it exactly the same.
You want to make sure this is really the same
because if you accidentally type it differently
it's not going to work.
And then I'm gonna hit enter.
And if that's worked correctly for you
this is what you should see
and this is the sign up
and sign in page that Cognito has created for us
and it's all completely built in
we don't have to write any of the code for this.
It's just all based on the options
that we configured within our user pool
and when we set up our app client.
So we don't have any users yet in our user pool
so we need to create a new user.
So I'm just going to create a new account
and I'm gonna call it Faye,
add my email address in, create a password
and you'll see, it's making sure
that we adhere to the password policy,
then hit sign up
and because we selected to send a verification code
by email.
So it's going to send a verification code
to the email address
that I've used to sign up with.
So I'm just gonna go and check my email now
and there's my email with my verification code.
So I'm just gonna copy that.
Come back to my sign in page,
paste in the verification code
and click confirm account.
So there we are, we've signed in
and it's taken me to the test domain, the example domain
and if you look at the top of your browser
you'll see the ID token.
So the JWT Token that Cognito has generated for you.
Now, if we go back to our user pools
go into users and groups,
hit refresh
you should see the user that we've just created.
And within Cognito, you can also set up groups as well.
So you can go in, you can create a group
and you can also select an identity access management role
as well.
So for example, you could select a role
to give access to S3,
create that group
and then you can actually add users in.
So you can add your Cognito users into that group.
So you can actually build out groups of users
within your Cognito directory
and you can assign them an identity access
management role associated with a specific Cognito group.
So these roles can then be used to access AWS services
like files in S3, DynamoDB tables,
that kind of thing.
And if we move down to Federation
and click on Identity Providers
you'll find the different providers that Cognito
can federate with on your behalf as well.
So you've got Facebook, Google, Amazon, SAML
which refers to any, SAML compliant directory
so it could be active directory, for example
and also OpenID.
And configuring all of this is really
beyond the scope of the exam.
The main thing you really need to know is what is Cognito
at a high level.
So just remember it allows you to manage user identity
for your mobile and web applications.
It integrates with Facebook, Google, Amazon
and other identity providers
and is the recommended approach for users sign up
and sign in for mobile applications.
So that is the end of this lab.
If you would like to delete all of your Cognito setup
the first thing you need to do is delete your domain.
So just go ahead and delete the domain
and then once you've done that
it will allow you to go to general settings
and then you can delete your pool as well.
So that's the end of this lecture
if you have any questions, please let me know.
If not, feel free to move on to the next lecture thank you.